---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Partner Introduction

Our project was made possible through extensive collaboration with these key partners:

## Dignitas Kenya
Established in 2008, Dignitas is a leading education organisation based in Kenya. Its focus is on empowering and equipping the school leaders and teachers who will transform opportunities for the next generation. Dignitas partners with schools to strengthen leadership and improve instructional quality, to create an environment where all children can fulfil their potential. 
LeadNow by Dignitas is a mobile and web-based platform that delivers remote, evidence-based training and coaching for instructional leaders. It supports continuous, school-based teacher development to foster real shifts in classroom practice.

## IBM
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in New York, with operations in over 170 countries. The company began in 1911 as the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (CTR) and was renamed "International Business Machines" in 1924. IBM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology. IBM is also a major research organisation, holding the record for most US patents generated by a business (as of 2020) for 27 consecutive years. Inventions by IBM include the automated teller machine (ATM), the floppy disk, the hard disk drive, and the magnetic stripe card. The IBM mainframe was the dominant computing platform during the 1960s and 1970s.


## Tech to the Rescue
Tech to the Rescue is a foundation that pairs technology companies with non-profit organisations, founded in March 2020 as a union of 10 Central European technology companies. It has accumulated over 250 technology companies and more than 300 non-profit organisations, who have joined the platform to implement technology solutions in order to “solve the world’s most pressing and environmental problems.” It has been estimated that its projects delivered to-date have positively impacted more than a million people in 12 countries.


